Generate Code, Add test, Add Examples (#3)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.commerce.discounts: docs/spec/sanitations.md

> _Author_:  [@Pranavan-S](https://github.com/Pranavan-S) \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Author_:  @Pranavan-S \
```

Author: done

_Created_: 2024/12/17 \
_Updated_: 2024/12/19 \
_Edition_: Swan Lake

# Sanitation for OpenAPI specification

This document records the sanitation done on top of the official OpenAPI specification from HubSpot CRM Commerce Discounts. 
The OpenAPI specification is obtained from [here](https://github.com/HubSpot/HubSpot-public-api-spec-collection/blob/main/PublicApiSpecs/CRM/Discounts/Rollouts/424/v3/discounts.json).
These changes are done in order to improve the overall usability, and as workarounds for some known language limitations.

1. `date-time` type mentioned in `discounts.json` was changed to `datetime`.
2. Change the url property of the servers object:

    * Original: `https://api.hubapi.com`
    * Updated: `https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/discounts`
    * Reason: This change is made to ensure that all API paths are relative to the versioned base URL (crm/v3/objects/discounts), which improves the consistency and usability of the APIs.

3. Update API Paths:

    * Original: `/crm/v3/objects/discounts`
    * Updated: `/`

>     * Reason: This modification simplifies the API paths, making them shorter and more readable. It also centralizes the versioning to the base URL, which is a common best practice.

Reviewer: This file does not follow the expected formatting and style. Please refer to this example: [Sanitations Spec](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twitter/blob/main/docs/spec/sanitations.md) and follow the same conventions.

Author: Fixed.

Author: Done

## OpenAPI cli command

The following command was used to generate the Ballerina client from the OpenAPI specification. The command should be executed from the repository root directory.

```bash

> bal openapi -i docs/spec/discounts.json --mode client --license docs/license.txt -o ballerina 

Reviewer: Commit the license.txt file under docs directory

Author: it's already there. I had mistaken it during the last PR review.

> _Author_:  Pranavan Subendiran \

Author: Add your github handle followed by an @ symbol

Author: Added github handle. Done.

The OpenAPI specification is obtained from (TODO: Add source link).
These changes are done in order to improve the overall usability, and as workarounds for some known language limitations.

1. `date-time` type mentioned in `discounts.json` was changed to `datetime`.
2. Change the url property of the servers object:

    * Original: `https://api.hubapi.com`
    * Updated: `https://api.hubapi.com/crm/v3/objects/discounts`

>     * Reason: This change is made to ensure that all API paths are relative to the versioned base URL (crm/v3/objects/taxes), which improves the consistency and usability of the APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
    * Reason: This change is made to ensure that all API paths are relative to the versioned base URL (3/objects/discounts), which improves the consistency and usability of the APIs.
```

Author: done
